Based on the videos and the reading material, how would you define a data scientist and data science? (3 marks)
=>data scientists work with data. They get big data that has enough velocity and volume to generate a decision out of the data. They try to tell a story with the data they are given A data scientist is curious, know how to code; visual storyteller. Data science is the work that a data scientist. 

Data Scientists are a new class of analytical data experts who have the skills to solve complex problems – and the curiosity to explore what problems need to be solved. Data scientists need to be curious, judgmental and argumentative

As discussed in the videos and the reading material, data science can be applied to problems across different industries. What industry are you passionate about and would like to pursue a data science career in?
=>Basically every major industry has a problem that can be solved with collecting data and come up with different solutions from the data. Industries like corporate industries, Banking, financial institutions, sports teams, etc.

Based on the videos and the reading material, what are the ten main components of a report that would be delivered at the end of a data science project?

=>1.Cover page
2. The cover page should have name of the authors and other relevant information to contact the author in case of clarifications.
3.Table of content
4.Introductory: Section where the problem, purpose, and solution are explained briefly, giving an overview of the project.
5.Methodology: research method and data collection links
6.Result: show a visual representation of the collected data.
7.Discussion: This is where the conclusions from the result are used to present the narrative to communicate the thesis efficiently.
8.Conclusion: suggest how the result can be used in real-life scenarios and further work to be conducted with this.
9.References: The housekeeping work for the research paper.
10.Acknowledgment:  Recognizing the contribution of other individuals to the research.
